com/facebook/datasource/RetainingDataSourceSupplier.java
 com.facebook.datasource.RetainingDataSourceSupplier
 com.facebook.datasource.RetainingDataSourceSupplier$1
 com.facebook.datasource.RetainingDataSourceSupplier$RetainingDataSource
 com.facebook.datasource.RetainingDataSourceSupplier$RetainingDataSource$InternalDataSubscriber
com/facebook/common/internal/DoNotStrip.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.DoNotStrip
com/facebook/common/logging/LoggingDelegate.java
 com.facebook.common.logging.LoggingDelegate
com/facebook/common/internal/Fn.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.Fn
com/facebook/common/time/MonotonicClock.java
 com.facebook.common.time.MonotonicClock
com/facebook/common/internal/Ints.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.Ints
com/facebook/common/memory/NoOpMemoryTrimmableRegistry.java
 com.facebook.common.memory.NoOpMemoryTrimmableRegistry
com/facebook/common/util/ExceptionWithNoStacktrace.java
 com.facebook.common.util.ExceptionWithNoStacktrace
com/facebook/datasource/FirstAvailableDataSourceSupplier.java
 com.facebook.datasource.FirstAvailableDataSourceSupplier
 com.facebook.datasource.FirstAvailableDataSourceSupplier$1
 com.facebook.datasource.FirstAvailableDataSourceSupplier$FirstAvailableDataSource
 com.facebook.datasource.FirstAvailableDataSourceSupplier$FirstAvailableDataSource$InternalDataSubscriber
com/facebook/common/internal/package-info.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.package-info
com/facebook/common/logging/FLog.java
 com.facebook.common.logging.FLog
com/facebook/widget/text/span/BetterImageSpan.java
 com.facebook.widget.text.span.BetterImageSpan
 com.facebook.widget.text.span.BetterImageSpan$BetterImageSpanAlignment
com/facebook/common/internal/ByteStreams.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.ByteStreams
 com.facebook.common.internal.ByteStreams$1
 com.facebook.common.internal.ByteStreams$FastByteArrayOutputStream
com/facebook/common/logging/package-info.java
 com.facebook.common.logging.package-info
com/facebook/common/executors/HandlerExecutorServiceImpl.java
 com.facebook.common.executors.HandlerExecutorServiceImpl
com/facebook/common/lifecycle/AttachDetachListener.java
 com.facebook.common.lifecycle.AttachDetachListener
com/facebook/common/references/HasBitmap.java
 com.facebook.common.references.HasBitmap
com/facebook/common/memory/package-info.java
 com.facebook.common.memory.package-info
com/facebook/common/internal/CountingOutputStream.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.CountingOutputStream
com/facebook/common/memory/PooledByteBufferInputStream.java
 com.facebook.common.memory.PooledByteBufferInputStream
com/facebook/common/internal/Throwables.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.Throwables
com/facebook/common/util/UriUtil.java
 com.facebook.common.util.UriUtil
com/facebook/common/time/SystemClock.java
 com.facebook.common.time.SystemClock
com/facebook/common/memory/MemoryTrimmableRegistry.java
 com.facebook.common.memory.MemoryTrimmableRegistry
com/facebook/common/webp/WebpBitmapFactory.java
 com.facebook.common.webp.WebpBitmapFactory
 com.facebook.common.webp.WebpBitmapFactory$WebpErrorLogger
com/facebook/common/executors/ScheduledFutureImpl.java
 com.facebook.common.executors.ScheduledFutureImpl
com/facebook/common/media/MediaUtils.java
 com.facebook.common.media.MediaUtils
com/facebook/common/activitylistener/BaseActivityListener.java
 com.facebook.common.activitylistener.BaseActivityListener
com/facebook/common/references/package-info.java
 com.facebook.common.references.package-info
com/facebook/common/util/StreamUtil.java
 com.facebook.common.util.StreamUtil
 com.facebook.common.util.StreamUtil$1
com/facebook/common/webp/BitmapCreator.java
 com.facebook.common.webp.BitmapCreator
com/facebook/common/internal/ImmutableSet.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.ImmutableSet
com/facebook/common/activitylistener/ActivityListenerManager.java
 com.facebook.common.activitylistener.ActivityListenerManager
 com.facebook.common.activitylistener.ActivityListenerManager$Listener
com/facebook/common/references/CloseableReference.java
 com.facebook.common.references.CloseableReference
 com.facebook.common.references.CloseableReference$1
 com.facebook.common.references.CloseableReference$2
 com.facebook.common.references.CloseableReference$CloseableRefType
 com.facebook.common.references.CloseableReference$LeakHandler
com/facebook/common/util/Hex.java
 com.facebook.common.util.Hex
com/facebook/datasource/BaseBooleanSubscriber.java
 com.facebook.datasource.BaseBooleanSubscriber
com/facebook/common/media/MimeTypeMapWrapper.java
 com.facebook.common.media.MimeTypeMapWrapper
com/facebook/common/memory/PooledByteBufferFactory.java
 com.facebook.common.memory.PooledByteBufferFactory
com/facebook/datasource/DataSubscriber.java
 com.facebook.datasource.DataSubscriber
com/facebook/common/references/DefaultCloseableReference.java
 com.facebook.common.references.DefaultCloseableReference
com/facebook/common/time/AwakeTimeSinceBootClock.java
 com.facebook.common.time.AwakeTimeSinceBootClock
com/facebook/common/activitylistener/ActivityListener.java
 com.facebook.common.activitylistener.ActivityListener
com/facebook/common/references/OOMSoftReference.java
 com.facebook.common.references.OOMSoftReference
com/facebook/common/memory/PooledByteStreams.java
 com.facebook.common.memory.PooledByteStreams
com/facebook/common/time/RealtimeSinceBootClock.java
 com.facebook.common.time.RealtimeSinceBootClock
com/facebook/common/internal/Predicate.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.Predicate
com/facebook/common/internal/Suppliers.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.Suppliers
 com.facebook.common.internal.Suppliers$1
 com.facebook.common.internal.Suppliers$2
 com.facebook.common.internal.Suppliers$3
com/facebook/fbcore/BuildConfig.java
 com.facebook.fbcore.BuildConfig
com/facebook/datasource/SimpleDataSource.java
 com.facebook.datasource.SimpleDataSource
com/facebook/common/memory/MemoryTrimmable.java
 com.facebook.common.memory.MemoryTrimmable
com/facebook/common/webp/WebpSupportStatus.java
 com.facebook.common.webp.WebpSupportStatus
com/facebook/common/executors/HandlerExecutorService.java
 com.facebook.common.executors.HandlerExecutorService
com/facebook/common/memory/PooledByteBufferOutputStream.java
 com.facebook.common.memory.PooledByteBufferOutputStream
com/facebook/common/memory/ByteArrayPool.java
 com.facebook.common.memory.ByteArrayPool
com/facebook/common/util/ByteConstants.java
 com.facebook.common.util.ByteConstants
com/facebook/common/executors/CallerThreadExecutor.java
 com.facebook.common.executors.CallerThreadExecutor
com/facebook/common/executors/DefaultSerialExecutorService.java
 com.facebook.common.executors.DefaultSerialExecutorService
com/facebook/common/disk/NoOpDiskTrimmableRegistry.java
 com.facebook.common.disk.NoOpDiskTrimmableRegistry
com/facebook/common/internal/Objects.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.Objects
 com.facebook.common.internal.Objects$1
 com.facebook.common.internal.Objects$ToStringHelper
 com.facebook.common.internal.Objects$ToStringHelper$ValueHolder
com/facebook/common/executors/UiThreadImmediateExecutorService.java
 com.facebook.common.executors.UiThreadImmediateExecutorService
com/facebook/common/memory/MemoryTrimType.java
 com.facebook.common.memory.MemoryTrimType
com/facebook/datasource/DataSource.java
 com.facebook.datasource.DataSource
com/facebook/common/logging/FLogDefaultLoggingDelegate.java
 com.facebook.common.logging.FLogDefaultLoggingDelegate
com/facebook/common/activitylistener/ListenableActivity.java
 com.facebook.common.activitylistener.ListenableActivity
com/facebook/datasource/IncreasingQualityDataSourceSupplier.java
 com.facebook.datasource.IncreasingQualityDataSourceSupplier
 com.facebook.datasource.IncreasingQualityDataSourceSupplier$IncreasingQualityDataSource
 com.facebook.datasource.IncreasingQualityDataSourceSupplier$IncreasingQualityDataSource$InternalDataSubscriber
com/facebook/common/disk/package-info.java
 com.facebook.common.disk.package-info
com/facebook/common/internal/Sets.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.Sets
com/facebook/common/references/SharedReference.java
 com.facebook.common.references.SharedReference
 com.facebook.common.references.SharedReference$NullReferenceException
com/facebook/common/time/MonotonicNanoClock.java
 com.facebook.common.time.MonotonicNanoClock
com/facebook/common/memory/Pool.java
 com.facebook.common.memory.Pool
com/facebook/common/file/FileTree.java
 com.facebook.common.file.FileTree
com/facebook/common/executors/ConstrainedExecutorService.java
 com.facebook.common.executors.ConstrainedExecutorService
 com.facebook.common.executors.ConstrainedExecutorService$1
 com.facebook.common.executors.ConstrainedExecutorService$Worker
com/facebook/datasource/BaseDataSubscriber.java
 com.facebook.datasource.BaseDataSubscriber
com/facebook/common/memory/PooledByteArrayBufferedInputStream.java
 com.facebook.common.memory.PooledByteArrayBufferedInputStream
com/facebook/common/util/HashCodeUtil.java
 com.facebook.common.util.HashCodeUtil
com/facebook/common/statfs/StatFsHelper.java
 com.facebook.common.statfs.StatFsHelper
 com.facebook.common.statfs.StatFsHelper$StorageType
com/facebook/common/executors/StatefulRunnable.java
 com.facebook.common.executors.StatefulRunnable
com/facebook/common/streams/TailAppendingInputStream.java
 com.facebook.common.streams.TailAppendingInputStream
com/facebook/common/internal/ImmutableList.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.ImmutableList
com/facebook/common/internal/Supplier.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.Supplier
com/facebook/common/file/FileTreeVisitor.java
 com.facebook.common.file.FileTreeVisitor
com/facebook/common/internal/Preconditions.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.Preconditions
com/facebook/common/internal/Closeables.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.Closeables
com/facebook/datasource/package-info.java
 com.facebook.datasource.package-info
com/facebook/common/executors/SerialExecutorService.java
 com.facebook.common.executors.SerialExecutorService
com/facebook/common/disk/DiskTrimmable.java
 com.facebook.common.disk.DiskTrimmable
com/facebook/datasource/AbstractDataSource.java
 com.facebook.datasource.AbstractDataSource
 com.facebook.datasource.AbstractDataSource$1
 com.facebook.datasource.AbstractDataSource$2
 com.facebook.datasource.AbstractDataSource$DataSourceInstrumenter
 com.facebook.datasource.AbstractDataSource$DataSourceStatus
com/facebook/common/util/TriState.java
 com.facebook.common.util.TriState
 com.facebook.common.util.TriState$1
com/facebook/common/references/NoOpCloseableReference.java
 com.facebook.common.references.NoOpCloseableReference
com/facebook/datasource/DataSources.java
 com.facebook.datasource.DataSources
 com.facebook.datasource.DataSources$1
 com.facebook.datasource.DataSources$2
 com.facebook.datasource.DataSources$3
 com.facebook.datasource.DataSources$ValueHolder
com/facebook/common/internal/ImmutableMap.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.ImmutableMap
com/facebook/common/memory/PooledByteBuffer.java
 com.facebook.common.memory.PooledByteBuffer
 com.facebook.common.memory.PooledByteBuffer$ClosedException
com/facebook/common/file/FileUtils.java
 com.facebook.common.file.FileUtils
 com.facebook.common.file.FileUtils$CreateDirectoryException
 com.facebook.common.file.FileUtils$FileDeleteException
 com.facebook.common.file.FileUtils$ParentDirNotFoundException
 com.facebook.common.file.FileUtils$RenameException
com/facebook/common/disk/DiskTrimmableRegistry.java
 com.facebook.common.disk.DiskTrimmableRegistry
com/facebook/common/references/RefCountCloseableReference.java
 com.facebook.common.references.RefCountCloseableReference
com/facebook/common/internal/Files.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.Files
com/facebook/common/time/CurrentThreadTimeClock.java
 com.facebook.common.time.CurrentThreadTimeClock
com/facebook/common/references/FinalizerCloseableReference.java
 com.facebook.common.references.FinalizerCloseableReference
com/facebook/common/references/ResourceReleaser.java
 com.facebook.common.references.ResourceReleaser
com/facebook/common/util/SecureHashUtil.java
 com.facebook.common.util.SecureHashUtil
com/facebook/common/time/Clock.java
 com.facebook.common.time.Clock
com/facebook/common/internal/AndroidPredicates.java
 com.facebook.common.internal.AndroidPredicates
 com.facebook.common.internal.AndroidPredicates$1
 com.facebook.common.internal.AndroidPredicates$2
com/facebook/common/streams/LimitedInputStream.java
 com.facebook.common.streams.LimitedInputStream
