com/facebook/imagepipeline/image/CloseableStaticBitmap.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.image.CloseableStaticBitmap
com/facebook/imageformat/DefaultImageFormats.java
 com.facebook.imageformat.DefaultImageFormats
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/ValueDescriptor.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.ValueDescriptor
com/facebook/imagepipeline/image/OriginalEncodedImageInfo.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.image.OriginalEncodedImageInfo
com/facebook/imageutils/ImageMetaData.java
 com.facebook.imageutils.ImageMetaData
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/MemoryCache.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.MemoryCache
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.MemoryCache$CacheTrimStrategy
com/facebook/imagepipeline/decoder/ImageDecoder.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.decoder.ImageDecoder
com/facebook/imageutils/JfifUtil.java
 com.facebook.imageutils.JfifUtil
com/facebook/imageutils/StreamProcessor.java
 com.facebook.imageutils.StreamProcessor
com/facebook/imagepipeline/image/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.image.package-info
com/facebook/cache/disk/DefaultEntryEvictionComparatorSupplier.java
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DefaultEntryEvictionComparatorSupplier
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DefaultEntryEvictionComparatorSupplier$1
com/facebook/imageformat/ImageFormatCheckerUtils.java
 com.facebook.imageformat.ImageFormatCheckerUtils
com/facebook/cache/disk/DefaultDiskStorage.java
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DefaultDiskStorage
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DefaultDiskStorage$1
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DefaultDiskStorage$EntriesCollector
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DefaultDiskStorage$EntryImpl
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DefaultDiskStorage$FileInfo
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DefaultDiskStorage$FileType
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DefaultDiskStorage$IncompleteFileException
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DefaultDiskStorage$InserterImpl
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DefaultDiskStorage$PurgingVisitor
com/facebook/imagepipeline/common/ImageDecodeOptions.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.common.ImageDecodeOptions
com/facebook/imagepipeline/systrace/FrescoSystrace.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.systrace.FrescoSystrace
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.systrace.FrescoSystrace$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.systrace.FrescoSystrace$ArgsBuilder
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.systrace.FrescoSystrace$NoOpArgsBuilder
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.systrace.FrescoSystrace$Systrace
com/facebook/cache/disk/DiskStorage.java
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DiskStorage
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DiskStorage$DiskDumpInfo
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DiskStorage$DiskDumpInfoEntry
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DiskStorage$Entry
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DiskStorage$Inserter
com/facebook/cache/disk/ScoreBasedEvictionComparatorSupplier.java
 com.facebook.cache.disk.ScoreBasedEvictionComparatorSupplier
 com.facebook.cache.disk.ScoreBasedEvictionComparatorSupplier$1
com/facebook/cache/disk/FileCache.java
 com.facebook.cache.disk.FileCache
com/facebook/imagepipeline/common/RotationOptions.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.common.RotationOptions
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.common.RotationOptions$Rotation
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.common.RotationOptions$RotationAngle
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/ExecutorSupplier.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ExecutorSupplier
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/LruCountingMemoryCache.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.LruCountingMemoryCache
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.LruCountingMemoryCache$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.LruCountingMemoryCache$2
com/facebook/cache/common/CacheEvent.java
 com.facebook.cache.common.CacheEvent
com/facebook/cache/common/HasDebugData.java
 com.facebook.cache.common.HasDebugData
com/facebook/imagepipeline/nativecode/WebpTranscoderFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.WebpTranscoderFactory
com/facebook/binaryresource/BinaryResource.java
 com.facebook.binaryresource.BinaryResource
com/facebook/imageformat/DefaultImageFormatChecker.java
 com.facebook.imageformat.DefaultImageFormatChecker
com/facebook/cache/disk/DiskStorageCache.java
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DiskStorageCache
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DiskStorageCache$1
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DiskStorageCache$CacheStats
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DiskStorageCache$Params
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/factory/AnimatedFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.factory.AnimatedFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/image/ImmutableQualityInfo.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.image.ImmutableQualityInfo
com/facebook/imagepipeline/drawable/DrawableFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.drawable.DrawableFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/common/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.common.package-info
com/facebook/imageutils/HeifExifUtil.java
 com.facebook.imageutils.HeifExifUtil
 com.facebook.imageutils.HeifExifUtil$HeifExifUtilAndroidN
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/transcoder/ImageTranscoderFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.transcoder.ImageTranscoderFactory
com/facebook/cache/common/WriterCallbacks.java
 com.facebook.cache.common.WriterCallbacks
 com.facebook.cache.common.WriterCallbacks$1
 com.facebook.cache.common.WriterCallbacks$2
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/AbstractAdaptiveCountingMemoryCache.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.AbstractAdaptiveCountingMemoryCache
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.AbstractAdaptiveCountingMemoryCache$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.AbstractAdaptiveCountingMemoryCache$2
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.AbstractAdaptiveCountingMemoryCache$ArrayListType
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.AbstractAdaptiveCountingMemoryCache$Entry
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.AbstractAdaptiveCountingMemoryCache$IntMapArrayList
com/facebook/cache/common/package-info.java
 com.facebook.cache.common.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/common/BytesRange.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.common.BytesRange
com/facebook/imagepipeline/image/CloseableImage.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.image.CloseableImage
com/facebook/binaryresource/ByteArrayBinaryResource.java
 com.facebook.binaryresource.ByteArrayBinaryResource
com/facebook/imagepipeline/transcoder/ImageTranscodeResult.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.transcoder.ImageTranscodeResult
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/CountingMemoryCache.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.CountingMemoryCache
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.CountingMemoryCache$Entry
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.CountingMemoryCache$EntryStateObserver
com/facebook/imagepipeline/common/TooManyBitmapsException.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.common.TooManyBitmapsException
com/facebook/imageutils/TiffUtil.java
 com.facebook.imageutils.TiffUtil
 com.facebook.imageutils.TiffUtil$1
 com.facebook.imageutils.TiffUtil$TiffHeader
com/facebook/imagepipeline/common/Priority.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.common.Priority
com/facebook/imagepipeline/image/HasImageMetadata.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.image.HasImageMetadata
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/CountingMemoryCacheInspector.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.CountingMemoryCacheInspector
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.CountingMemoryCacheInspector$DumpInfo
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.CountingMemoryCacheInspector$DumpInfoEntry
com/facebook/cache/disk/EntryEvictionComparator.java
 com.facebook.cache.disk.EntryEvictionComparator
com/facebook/imagepipeline/nativecode/NativeImageTranscoderFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.NativeImageTranscoderFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/transcoder/ImageTranscoder.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.transcoder.ImageTranscoder
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/BoundedLinkedHashSet.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.BoundedLinkedHashSet
com/facebook/cache/common/SimpleCacheKey.java
 com.facebook.cache.common.SimpleCacheKey
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/DefaultExecutorSupplier.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.DefaultExecutorSupplier
com/facebook/cache/common/CacheKey.java
 com.facebook.cache.common.CacheKey
com/facebook/cache/disk/EntryEvictionComparatorSupplier.java
 com.facebook.cache.disk.EntryEvictionComparatorSupplier
com/facebook/imagepipeline/image/EncodedImageOrigin.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.image.EncodedImageOrigin
com/facebook/imagepipeline/bitmaps/PlatformBitmapFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.bitmaps.PlatformBitmapFactory
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.bitmaps.PlatformBitmapFactory$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/nativecode/WebpTranscoder.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.WebpTranscoder
com/facebook/cache/common/CacheEventListener.java
 com.facebook.cache.common.CacheEventListener
 com.facebook.cache.common.CacheEventListener$EvictionReason
com/facebook/imagepipeline/common/SourceUriType.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.common.SourceUriType
com/facebook/imagepipeline/bitmaps/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.bitmaps.package-info
com/facebook/binaryresource/FileBinaryResource.java
 com.facebook.binaryresource.FileBinaryResource
com/facebook/cache/common/DebuggingCacheKey.java
 com.facebook.cache.common.DebuggingCacheKey
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/CountingLruMap.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.CountingLruMap
com/facebook/imageutils/WebpUtil.java
 com.facebook.imageutils.WebpUtil
com/facebook/cache/common/CacheErrorLogger.java
 com.facebook.cache.common.CacheErrorLogger
 com.facebook.cache.common.CacheErrorLogger$CacheErrorCategory
com/facebook/cache/disk/DiskCacheConfig.java
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DiskCacheConfig
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DiskCacheConfig$1
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DiskCacheConfig$Builder
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/factory/AnimatedFactoryProvider.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.factory.AnimatedFactoryProvider
com/facebook/imagepipeline/transcoder/TranscodeStatus.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.transcoder.TranscodeStatus
com/facebook/imagepipeline/bitmaps/SimpleBitmapReleaser.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.bitmaps.SimpleBitmapReleaser
com/facebook/cache/common/WriterCallback.java
 com.facebook.cache.common.WriterCallback
com/facebook/imagepipeline/decoder/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.decoder.package-info
com/facebook/cache/disk/SettableCacheEvent.java
 com.facebook.cache.disk.SettableCacheEvent
com/facebook/imagepipelinebase/BuildConfig.java
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.BuildConfig
com/facebook/cache/common/NoOpCacheEventListener.java
 com.facebook.cache.common.NoOpCacheEventListener
com/facebook/imageformat/ImageFormat.java
 com.facebook.imageformat.ImageFormat
 com.facebook.imageformat.ImageFormat$FormatChecker
com/facebook/imagepipeline/image/EncodedImage.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.image.EncodedImage
com/facebook/callercontext/CallerContextVerifier.java
 com.facebook.callercontext.CallerContextVerifier
com/facebook/imageformat/ImageFormatChecker.java
 com.facebook.imageformat.ImageFormatChecker
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/BitmapMemoryCacheFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.BitmapMemoryCacheFactory
com/facebook/imageutils/BitmapUtil.java
 com.facebook.imageutils.BitmapUtil
 com.facebook.imageutils.BitmapUtil$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/common/ResizeOptions.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.common.ResizeOptions
com/facebook/cache/common/BaseCacheEventListener.java
 com.facebook.cache.common.BaseCacheEventListener
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/BitmapMemoryCacheTrimStrategy.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.BitmapMemoryCacheTrimStrategy
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.BitmapMemoryCacheTrimStrategy$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/common/ImageDecodeOptionsBuilder.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.common.ImageDecodeOptionsBuilder
com/facebook/cache/disk/package-info.java
 com.facebook.cache.disk.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/transcoder/JpegTranscoderUtils.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.transcoder.JpegTranscoderUtils
com/facebook/drawable/base/DrawableWithCaches.java
 com.facebook.drawable.base.DrawableWithCaches
com/facebook/cache/disk/DynamicDefaultDiskStorage.java
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DynamicDefaultDiskStorage
 com.facebook.cache.disk.DynamicDefaultDiskStorage$State
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/CountingLruBitmapMemoryCacheFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.CountingLruBitmapMemoryCacheFactory
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.CountingLruBitmapMemoryCacheFactory$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/image/CloseableBitmap.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.image.CloseableBitmap
com/facebook/cache/common/NoOpCacheErrorLogger.java
 com.facebook.cache.common.NoOpCacheErrorLogger
com/facebook/imagepipeline/image/ImageInfo.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.image.ImageInfo
com/facebook/imagepipeline/transcoder/DownsampleUtil.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.transcoder.DownsampleUtil
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/MemoryCacheParams.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.MemoryCacheParams
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/factory/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.factory.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/drawable/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.drawable.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/systrace/DefaultFrescoSystrace.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.systrace.DefaultFrescoSystrace
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.systrace.DefaultFrescoSystrace$DefaultArgsBuilder
com/facebook/cache/common/MultiCacheKey.java
 com.facebook.cache.common.MultiCacheKey
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/PriorityThreadFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.PriorityThreadFactory
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.PriorityThreadFactory$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/instrumentation/FrescoInstrumenter.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.instrumentation.FrescoInstrumenter
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.instrumentation.FrescoInstrumenter$Instrumenter
com/facebook/cache/common/CacheKeyUtil.java
 com.facebook.cache.common.CacheKeyUtil
com/facebook/imagepipeline/image/QualityInfo.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.image.QualityInfo
com/facebook/imagepipeline/transformation/BitmapTransformation.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.transformation.BitmapTransformation
