com/facebook/fresco/animation/bitmap/wrapper/AnimatedDrawableBackendAnimationInformation.java
 com.facebook.fresco.animation.bitmap.wrapper.AnimatedDrawableBackendAnimationInformation
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/impl/AnimatedImageCompositor.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.impl.AnimatedImageCompositor
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.impl.AnimatedImageCompositor$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.impl.AnimatedImageCompositor$Callback
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.impl.AnimatedImageCompositor$FrameNeededResult
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/base/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.base.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/base/AnimatedImageResult.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.base.AnimatedImageResult
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/base/AnimatedImageFrame.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.base.AnimatedImageFrame
com/facebook/imagepipeline/image/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.image.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/factory/AnimatedImageFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.factory.AnimatedImageFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/image/CloseableAnimatedImage.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.image.CloseableAnimatedImage
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/BuildConfig.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.BuildConfig
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/impl/AnimatedDrawableBackendProvider.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.impl.AnimatedDrawableBackendProvider
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/base/AnimatedDrawableOptionsBuilder.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.base.AnimatedDrawableOptionsBuilder
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/impl/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.impl.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/base/AnimatedDrawableBackend.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.base.AnimatedDrawableBackend
com/facebook/fresco/animation/factory/ExperimentalBitmapAnimationDrawableFactory.java
 com.facebook.fresco.animation.factory.ExperimentalBitmapAnimationDrawableFactory
com/facebook/fresco/animation/bitmap/cache/FrescoFrameCache.java
 com.facebook.fresco.animation.bitmap.cache.FrescoFrameCache
com/facebook/fresco/animation/drawable/animator/AnimatedDrawableValueAnimatorHelper.java
 com.facebook.fresco.animation.drawable.animator.AnimatedDrawableValueAnimatorHelper
com/facebook/fresco/animation/factory/AnimatedFactoryV2Impl.java
 com.facebook.fresco.animation.factory.AnimatedFactoryV2Impl
 com.facebook.fresco.animation.factory.AnimatedFactoryV2Impl$1
 com.facebook.fresco.animation.factory.AnimatedFactoryV2Impl$2
 com.facebook.fresco.animation.factory.AnimatedFactoryV2Impl$3
 com.facebook.fresco.animation.factory.AnimatedFactoryV2Impl$4
 com.facebook.fresco.animation.factory.AnimatedFactoryV2Impl$5
 com.facebook.fresco.animation.factory.AnimatedFactoryV2Impl$6
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/factory/AnimatedImageFactoryImpl.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.factory.AnimatedImageFactoryImpl
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.factory.AnimatedImageFactoryImpl$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.factory.AnimatedImageFactoryImpl$2
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/base/DelegatingAnimatedDrawableBackend.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.base.DelegatingAnimatedDrawableBackend
com/facebook/fresco/animation/bitmap/wrapper/AnimatedDrawableBackendFrameRenderer.java
 com.facebook.fresco.animation.bitmap.wrapper.AnimatedDrawableBackendFrameRenderer
 com.facebook.fresco.animation.bitmap.wrapper.AnimatedDrawableBackendFrameRenderer$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/base/AnimatedImageResultBuilder.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.base.AnimatedImageResultBuilder
com/facebook/fresco/animation/bitmap/cache/AnimationFrameCacheKey.java
 com.facebook.fresco.animation.bitmap.cache.AnimationFrameCacheKey
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/impl/AnimatedFrameCache.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.impl.AnimatedFrameCache
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.impl.AnimatedFrameCache$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.impl.AnimatedFrameCache$FrameKey
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/impl/AnimatedDrawableBackendImpl.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.impl.AnimatedDrawableBackendImpl
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/base/AnimatedImage.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.base.AnimatedImage
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/factory/AnimatedImageDecoder.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.factory.AnimatedImageDecoder
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/util/AnimatedDrawableUtil.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.util.AnimatedDrawableUtil
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/base/AnimatedDrawableFrameInfo.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.base.AnimatedDrawableFrameInfo
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.base.AnimatedDrawableFrameInfo$BlendOperation
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.base.AnimatedDrawableFrameInfo$DisposalMethod
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/util/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.util.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/animated/base/AnimatedDrawableOptions.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.animated.base.AnimatedDrawableOptions
