com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/MemoryChunkUtil.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.MemoryChunkUtil
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/Consumer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.Consumer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.Consumer$Status
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/DummyBitmapPool.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.DummyBitmapPool
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/EncodedMemoryCacheFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.EncodedMemoryCacheFactory
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.EncodedMemoryCacheFactory$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/BitmapPrepareProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.BitmapPrepareProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.BitmapPrepareProducer$BitmapPrepareConsumer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/ThrottlingProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ThrottlingProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ThrottlingProducer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ThrottlingProducer$ThrottlerConsumer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ThrottlingProducer$ThrottlerConsumer$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/listener/RequestListener.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.listener.RequestListener
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/ThumbnailProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ThumbnailProducer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/multiuri/MultiUri.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.multiuri.MultiUri
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.multiuri.MultiUri$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.multiuri.MultiUri$Builder
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/EncodedProbeProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.EncodedProbeProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.EncodedProbeProducer$ProbeConsumer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/FetchState.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.FetchState
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/PoolParams.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.PoolParams
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/SharedByteArray.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.SharedByteArray
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.SharedByteArray$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/PoolConfig.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.PoolConfig
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.PoolConfig$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.PoolConfig$Builder
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/BitmapMemoryCacheGetProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.BitmapMemoryCacheGetProducer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/MemoryPooledByteBufferFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.MemoryPooledByteBufferFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/ImagePipelineExperiments.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipelineExperiments
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipelineExperiments$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipelineExperiments$Builder
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipelineExperiments$DefaultProducerFactoryMethod
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipelineExperiments$ProducerFactoryMethod
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/Bucket.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.Bucket
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/ThreadHandoffProducerQueue.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ThreadHandoffProducerQueue
com/facebook/imagepipeline/listener/BaseRequestListener.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.listener.BaseRequestListener
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/ImagePipeline.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipeline
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipeline$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipeline$2
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipeline$3
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipeline$4
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipeline$5
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipeline$6
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipeline$7
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipeline$8
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipeline$9
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/BucketMap.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BucketMap
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BucketMap$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BucketMap$LinkedEntry
com/facebook/imagepipeline/decoder/ImageDecoderConfig.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.decoder.ImageDecoderConfig
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.decoder.ImageDecoderConfig$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.decoder.ImageDecoderConfig$Builder
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/ThumbnailSizeChecker.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ThumbnailSizeChecker
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/JobScheduler.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.JobScheduler
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.JobScheduler$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.JobScheduler$2
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.JobScheduler$3
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.JobScheduler$JobRunnable
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.JobScheduler$JobStartExecutorSupplier
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.JobScheduler$JobState
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/DataFetchProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.DataFetchProducer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/AddImageTransformMetaDataProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.AddImageTransformMetaDataProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.AddImageTransformMetaDataProducer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.AddImageTransformMetaDataProducer$AddImageTransformMetaDataConsumer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/BitmapMemoryCacheKeyMultiplexProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.BitmapMemoryCacheKeyMultiplexProducer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/decoder/ProgressiveJpegParser.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.decoder.ProgressiveJpegParser
com/facebook/imagepipeline/listener/ForwardingRequestListener.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.listener.ForwardingRequestListener
com/facebook/imagepipeline/request/HasImageRequest.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.request.HasImageRequest
com/facebook/imagepipeline/filter/IterativeBoxBlurFilter.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.filter.IterativeBoxBlurFilter
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/LocalResourceFetchProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.LocalResourceFetchProducer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/request/RepeatedPostprocessorRunner.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.request.RepeatedPostprocessorRunner
com/facebook/imagepipeline/datasource/ListDataSource.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.datasource.ListDataSource
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.datasource.ListDataSource$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.datasource.ListDataSource$InternalDataSubscriber
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/EncodedCountingMemoryCacheFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.EncodedCountingMemoryCacheFactory
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.EncodedCountingMemoryCacheFactory$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/ImagePipelineFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipelineFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/StatefulProducerRunnable.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.StatefulProducerRunnable
com/facebook/imagepipeline/filter/RenderScriptBlurFilter.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.filter.RenderScriptBlurFilter
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/DiskStorageCacheFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.DiskStorageCacheFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/bitmaps/ArtBitmapFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.bitmaps.ArtBitmapFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/ImagePipelineConfig.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipelineConfig
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipelineConfig$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipelineConfig$Builder
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImagePipelineConfig$DefaultImageRequestConfig
com/facebook/imagepipeline/decoder/DefaultImageDecoder.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.decoder.DefaultImageDecoder
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.decoder.DefaultImageDecoder$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/datasource/BaseListBitmapDataSubscriber.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.datasource.BaseListBitmapDataSubscriber
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/ImageTranscoderType.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ImageTranscoderType
com/facebook/imagepipeline/listener/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.listener.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/BitmapPool.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BitmapPool
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/BaseProducerContext.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.BaseProducerContext
com/facebook/imagepipeline/transcoder/SimpleImageTranscoderFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.transcoder.SimpleImageTranscoderFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/BranchOnSeparateImagesProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.BranchOnSeparateImagesProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.BranchOnSeparateImagesProducer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.BranchOnSeparateImagesProducer$OnFirstImageConsumer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/postprocessors/BlurPostProcessor.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.postprocessors.BlurPostProcessor
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/PriorityNetworkFetcher.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PriorityNetworkFetcher
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PriorityNetworkFetcher$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PriorityNetworkFetcher$2
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PriorityNetworkFetcher$NonrecoverableException
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PriorityNetworkFetcher$PriorityFetchState
com/facebook/imagepipeline/decoder/ProgressiveJpegConfig.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.decoder.ProgressiveJpegConfig
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/MemoryPooledByteBuffer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.MemoryPooledByteBuffer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/PartialDiskCacheProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PartialDiskCacheProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PartialDiskCacheProducer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PartialDiskCacheProducer$2
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PartialDiskCacheProducer$PartialDiskCacheConsumer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/listener/RequestListener2.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.listener.RequestListener2
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/LruBitmapPool.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.LruBitmapPool
com/facebook/imagepipeline/debug/CloseableReferenceLeakTracker.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.debug.CloseableReferenceLeakTracker
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.debug.CloseableReferenceLeakTracker$Listener
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/NativeMemoryCacheTrimStrategy.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.NativeMemoryCacheTrimStrategy
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.NativeMemoryCacheTrimStrategy$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/bitmaps/EmptyJpegGenerator.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.bitmaps.EmptyJpegGenerator
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/InstrumentedMemoryCache.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.InstrumentedMemoryCache
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/DiskStorageFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.DiskStorageFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/ResizeAndRotateProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ResizeAndRotateProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ResizeAndRotateProducer$TransformingConsumer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ResizeAndRotateProducer$TransformingConsumer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ResizeAndRotateProducer$TransformingConsumer$2
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/DynamicDefaultDiskStorageFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.DynamicDefaultDiskStorageFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/LocalContentUriFetchProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.LocalContentUriFetchProducer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/QualifiedResourceFetchProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.QualifiedResourceFetchProducer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/platform/DefaultDecoder.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.platform.DefaultDecoder
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/InternalProducerListener.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.InternalProducerListener
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/DiskCacheWriteProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.DiskCacheWriteProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.DiskCacheWriteProducer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.DiskCacheWriteProducer$DiskCacheWriteConsumer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/ProducerContextCallbacks.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ProducerContextCallbacks
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/DefaultFlexByteArrayPoolParams.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.DefaultFlexByteArrayPoolParams
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/MemoryChunk.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.MemoryChunk
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/BitmapMemoryCacheKey.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.BitmapMemoryCacheKey
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/MemoryCacheTracker.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.MemoryCacheTracker
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/SettableProducerContext.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.SettableProducerContext
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/ProducerFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ProducerFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/LruBucketsPoolBackend.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.LruBucketsPoolBackend
com/facebook/imagepipeline/bitmaps/GingerbreadBitmapFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.bitmaps.GingerbreadBitmapFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/ProducerListener.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ProducerListener
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/BaseNetworkFetcher.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.BaseNetworkFetcher
com/facebook/imagepipeline/datasource/BaseBitmapDataSubscriber.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.datasource.BaseBitmapDataSubscriber
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/RemoveImageTransformMetaDataProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.RemoveImageTransformMetaDataProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.RemoveImageTransformMetaDataProducer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.RemoveImageTransformMetaDataProducer$RemoveImageTransformMetaDataConsumer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/BasePool.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BasePool
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BasePool$Counter
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BasePool$InvalidSizeException
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BasePool$InvalidValueException
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BasePool$PoolSizeViolationException
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BasePool$SizeTooLargeException
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/BitmapPoolType.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BitmapPoolType
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/DefaultEncodedMemoryCacheParamsSupplier.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.DefaultEncodedMemoryCacheParamsSupplier
com/facebook/imagepipeline/platform/PreverificationHelper.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.platform.PreverificationHelper
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/PoolStatsTracker.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.PoolStatsTracker
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/DiskCacheReadProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.DiskCacheReadProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.DiskCacheReadProducer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.DiskCacheReadProducer$2
com/facebook/imagepipeline/platform/OreoDecoder.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.platform.OreoDecoder
com/facebook/imagepipeline/bitmaps/HoneycombBitmapCreator.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.bitmaps.HoneycombBitmapCreator
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/BufferedDiskCache.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.BufferedDiskCache
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.BufferedDiskCache$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.BufferedDiskCache$2
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.BufferedDiskCache$3
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.BufferedDiskCache$4
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.BufferedDiskCache$5
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.BufferedDiskCache$6
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.BufferedDiskCache$7
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/NativeCodeSetup.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.NativeCodeSetup
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/DelegatingConsumer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.DelegatingConsumer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/listener/RequestLoggingListener.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.listener.RequestLoggingListener
com/facebook/imagepipeline/request/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.request.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/DefaultNativeMemoryChunkPoolParams.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.DefaultNativeMemoryChunkPoolParams
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/DummyTrackingInUseBitmapPool.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.DummyTrackingInUseBitmapPool
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/NoOpPoolStatsTracker.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.NoOpPoolStatsTracker
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/BitmapPoolBackend.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BitmapPoolBackend
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/BitmapMemoryCacheProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.BitmapMemoryCacheProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.BitmapMemoryCacheProducer$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/MultiplexProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.MultiplexProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.MultiplexProducer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.MultiplexProducer$Multiplexer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.MultiplexProducer$Multiplexer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.MultiplexProducer$Multiplexer$ForwardingConsumer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/DefaultByteArrayPoolParams.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.DefaultByteArrayPoolParams
com/facebook/imagepipeline/request/Postprocessor.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.request.Postprocessor
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/PostprocessedBitmapMemoryCacheProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PostprocessedBitmapMemoryCacheProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PostprocessedBitmapMemoryCacheProducer$CachedPostprocessorConsumer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/WebpTranscodeProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.WebpTranscodeProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.WebpTranscodeProducer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.WebpTranscodeProducer$WebpTranscodeConsumer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/CacheKeyFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.CacheKeyFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/request/ImageRequestBuilder.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.request.ImageRequestBuilder
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.request.ImageRequestBuilder$BuilderException
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/MemoryChunkPool.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.MemoryChunkPool
com/facebook/imagepipeline/datasource/BaseBitmapReferenceDataSubscriber.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.datasource.BaseBitmapReferenceDataSubscriber
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/InternalRequestListener.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.InternalRequestListener
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/ThumbnailBranchProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ThumbnailBranchProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ThumbnailBranchProducer$ThumbnailConsumer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/FileCacheFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.FileCacheFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/LocalExifThumbnailProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.LocalExifThumbnailProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.LocalExifThumbnailProducer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.LocalExifThumbnailProducer$2
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.LocalExifThumbnailProducer$Api24Utils
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/LocalContentUriThumbnailFetchProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.LocalContentUriThumbnailFetchProducer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/PoolBackend.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.PoolBackend
com/facebook/imagepipeline/request/BasePostprocessor.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.request.BasePostprocessor
com/facebook/imagepipeline/datasource/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.datasource.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/PoolFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.PoolFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/LocalAssetFetchProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.LocalAssetFetchProducer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/EncodedMemoryCacheProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.EncodedMemoryCacheProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.EncodedMemoryCacheProducer$EncodedMemoryCacheConsumer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/platform/ArtDecoder.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.platform.ArtDecoder
com/facebook/imagepipeline/BuildConfig.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.BuildConfig
com/facebook/imagepipeline/request/RepeatedPostprocessor.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.request.RepeatedPostprocessor
com/facebook/imagepipeline/bitmaps/HoneycombBitmapFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.bitmaps.HoneycombBitmapFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/DelayProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.DelayProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.DelayProducer$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/transcoder/MultiImageTranscoderFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.transcoder.MultiImageTranscoderFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/LocalFetchProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.LocalFetchProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.LocalFetchProducer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.LocalFetchProducer$2
com/facebook/imagepipeline/filter/InPlaceRoundFilter.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.filter.InPlaceRoundFilter
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/MemoryPooledByteBufferOutputStream.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.MemoryPooledByteBufferOutputStream
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.MemoryPooledByteBufferOutputStream$InvalidStreamException
com/facebook/imagepipeline/datasource/AbstractProducerToDataSourceAdapter.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.datasource.AbstractProducerToDataSourceAdapter
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.datasource.AbstractProducerToDataSourceAdapter$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/BitmapProbeProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.BitmapProbeProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.BitmapProbeProducer$ProbeConsumer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/platform/PlatformDecoderFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.platform.PlatformDecoderFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/BitmapCounterProvider.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BitmapCounterProvider
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/ImageCacheStatsTracker.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.ImageCacheStatsTracker
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/DefaultBitmapPoolParams.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.DefaultBitmapPoolParams
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/request/ImageRequest.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.request.ImageRequest
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.request.ImageRequest$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.request.ImageRequest$CacheChoice
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.request.ImageRequest$RequestLevel
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/CloseableReferenceFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.CloseableReferenceFactory
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.CloseableReferenceFactory$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/NoOpImageCacheStatsTracker.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.NoOpImageCacheStatsTracker
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/SwallowResultProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.SwallowResultProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.SwallowResultProducer$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/decoder/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.decoder.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/datasource/CloseableProducerToDataSourceAdapter.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.datasource.CloseableProducerToDataSourceAdapter
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/ProducerContext.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ProducerContext
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ProducerContext$ExtraKeys
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/MemoryChunkType.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.MemoryChunkType
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/BitmapCounterConfig.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BitmapCounterConfig
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BitmapCounterConfig$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BitmapCounterConfig$Builder
com/facebook/imagepipeline/decoder/SimpleProgressiveJpegConfig.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.decoder.SimpleProgressiveJpegConfig
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.decoder.SimpleProgressiveJpegConfig$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.decoder.SimpleProgressiveJpegConfig$DefaultDynamicValueConfig
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.decoder.SimpleProgressiveJpegConfig$DynamicValueConfig
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/NullProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.NullProducer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/ExperimentalThreadHandoffProducerQueueImpl.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ExperimentalThreadHandoffProducerQueueImpl
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/DefaultBitmapMemoryCacheParamsSupplier.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.DefaultBitmapMemoryCacheParamsSupplier
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/LocalVideoThumbnailProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.LocalVideoThumbnailProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.LocalVideoThumbnailProducer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.LocalVideoThumbnailProducer$2
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/BaseConsumer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.BaseConsumer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/ProducerConstants.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ProducerConstants
com/facebook/imagepipeline/request/BaseRepeatedPostProcessor.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.request.BaseRepeatedPostProcessor
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/GenericByteArrayPool.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.GenericByteArrayPool
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/InstrumentedMemoryCacheBitmapMemoryCacheFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.InstrumentedMemoryCacheBitmapMemoryCacheFactory
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.InstrumentedMemoryCacheBitmapMemoryCacheFactory$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/BitmapCounter.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BitmapCounter
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BitmapCounter$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/NetworkFetchProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.NetworkFetchProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.NetworkFetchProducer$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/PostprocessorProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PostprocessorProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PostprocessorProducer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PostprocessorProducer$PostprocessorConsumer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PostprocessorProducer$PostprocessorConsumer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PostprocessorProducer$PostprocessorConsumer$2
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PostprocessorProducer$RepeatedPostprocessorConsumer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PostprocessorProducer$RepeatedPostprocessorConsumer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PostprocessorProducer$SingleUsePostprocessorConsumer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/BucketsBitmapPool.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.BucketsBitmapPool
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/OOMSoftReferenceBucket.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.OOMSoftReferenceBucket
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/ProducerListener2.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ProducerListener2
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/PriorityStarvingThrottlingProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PriorityStarvingThrottlingProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PriorityStarvingThrottlingProducer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PriorityStarvingThrottlingProducer$Item
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PriorityStarvingThrottlingProducer$PriorityComparator
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PriorityStarvingThrottlingProducer$ThrottlerConsumer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.PriorityStarvingThrottlingProducer$ThrottlerConsumer$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/EncodedCacheKeyMultiplexProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.EncodedCacheKeyMultiplexProducer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/ThreadHandoffProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ThreadHandoffProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ThreadHandoffProducer$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ThreadHandoffProducer$2
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/NetworkFetcher.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.NetworkFetcher
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.NetworkFetcher$Callback
com/facebook/imagepipeline/filter/XferRoundFilter.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.filter.XferRoundFilter
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/ThreadHandoffProducerQueueImpl.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.ThreadHandoffProducerQueueImpl
com/facebook/imagepipeline/postprocessors/RoundPostprocessor.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.postprocessors.RoundPostprocessor
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/Producer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.Producer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/debug/NoOpCloseableReferenceLeakTracker.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.debug.NoOpCloseableReferenceLeakTracker
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/StagingArea.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.StagingArea
com/facebook/imagepipeline/listener/ForwardingRequestListener2.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.listener.ForwardingRequestListener2
com/facebook/imagepipeline/decoder/DecodeException.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.decoder.DecodeException
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/package-info.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.package-info
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/BaseProducerContextCallbacks.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.BaseProducerContextCallbacks
com/facebook/imagepipeline/listener/BaseRequestListener2.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.listener.BaseRequestListener2
com/facebook/imagepipeline/bitmaps/PlatformBitmapFactoryProvider.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.bitmaps.PlatformBitmapFactoryProvider
com/facebook/imagepipeline/core/ProducerSequenceFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.core.ProducerSequenceFactory
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/LocalFileFetchProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.LocalFileFetchProducer
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/DecodeProducer.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.DecodeProducer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.DecodeProducer$LocalImagesProgressiveDecoder
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.DecodeProducer$NetworkImagesProgressiveDecoder
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.DecodeProducer$ProgressiveDecoder
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.DecodeProducer$ProgressiveDecoder$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.DecodeProducer$ProgressiveDecoder$2
com/facebook/imagepipeline/datasource/SettableDataSource.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.datasource.SettableDataSource
com/facebook/imagepipeline/transcoder/SimpleImageTranscoder.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.transcoder.SimpleImageTranscoder
com/facebook/imagepipeline/datasource/ProducerToDataSourceAdapter.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.datasource.ProducerToDataSourceAdapter
com/facebook/imagepipeline/platform/PlatformDecoder.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.platform.PlatformDecoder
com/facebook/imagepipeline/producers/HttpUrlConnectionNetworkFetcher.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.HttpUrlConnectionNetworkFetcher
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.HttpUrlConnectionNetworkFetcher$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.HttpUrlConnectionNetworkFetcher$2
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.producers.HttpUrlConnectionNetworkFetcher$HttpUrlConnectionNetworkFetchState
com/facebook/imagepipeline/memory/FlexByteArrayPool.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.FlexByteArrayPool
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.FlexByteArrayPool$1
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.memory.FlexByteArrayPool$SoftRefByteArrayPool
com/facebook/imagepipeline/cache/DefaultCacheKeyFactory.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.cache.DefaultCacheKeyFactory
