com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/DefaultFrescoVitoConfig.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.DefaultFrescoVitoConfig
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.DefaultFrescoVitoConfig$DefaultPrefetchConfig
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/FrescoControllerImpl.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.FrescoControllerImpl
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.FrescoControllerImpl$1
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.FrescoControllerImpl$2
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.FrescoControllerImpl$3
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/VitoUtils.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.VitoUtils
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/PrefetchConfig.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.PrefetchConfig
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/FrescoVitoPrefetcher.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.FrescoVitoPrefetcher
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/LogcatImagePerfListener.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.LogcatImagePerfListener
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/FrescoExperiments.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.FrescoExperiments
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/DrawableDataSubscriber.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.DrawableDataSubscriber
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/NoOpVitoImagePerfListener.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.NoOpVitoImagePerfListener
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/debug/DebugOverlayDrawable.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.debug.DebugOverlayDrawable
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/source/IncreasingQualityImageSource.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.source.IncreasingQualityImageSource
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/ImagePipelineUtils.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.ImagePipelineUtils
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/CombinedImageListener.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.CombinedImageListener
com/facebook/fresco/vito/listener/impl/AutoPlayImageListener.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.listener.impl.AutoPlayImageListener
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/debug/BaseDebugOverlayFactory2.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.debug.BaseDebugOverlayFactory2
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.debug.BaseDebugOverlayFactory2$DebugOverlayDrawableWrapper
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/FrescoStateImpl.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.FrescoStateImpl
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.FrescoStateImpl$1
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/VitoImagePipelineImpl.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.VitoImagePipelineImpl
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/debug/DebugOverlayFactory.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.debug.DebugOverlayFactory
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/FrescoController2.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.FrescoController2
com/facebook/fresco/vito/drawable/BitmapDrawableFactory.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.drawable.BitmapDrawableFactory
com/facebook/fresco/vito/transformation/CircularBitmapTransformation.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.transformation.CircularBitmapTransformation
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/FrescoDrawable2.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.FrescoDrawable2
com/facebook/fresco/vito/listener/BaseImageListener.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.listener.BaseImageListener
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/source/FirstAvailableImageSource.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.source.FirstAvailableImageSource
com/facebook/fresco/vito/drawable/ArrayVitoDrawableFactory.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.drawable.ArrayVitoDrawableFactory
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/ImagePipelineMultiUriHelper.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.ImagePipelineMultiUriHelper
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.ImagePipelineMultiUriHelper$1
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/VitoImageRequest.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.VitoImageRequest
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/VitoImagePerfNotifierImpl.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.VitoImagePerfNotifierImpl
com/facebook/fresco/vito/listener/ImageListener.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.listener.ImageListener
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/Hierarcher.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.Hierarcher
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/FrescoVitoImageDecodeOptionsBuilder.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.FrescoVitoImageDecodeOptionsBuilder
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/FrescoVitoRegionDecoder.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.FrescoVitoRegionDecoder
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/BuildConfig.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.BuildConfig
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/FrescoState.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.FrescoState
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/PrefetchTarget.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.PrefetchTarget
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/FrescoVitoImageDecodeOptions.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.FrescoVitoImageDecodeOptions
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/debug/DefaultDebugOverlayFactory.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.debug.DefaultDebugOverlayFactory
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/debug/NoOpDebugOverlayFactory2.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.debug.NoOpDebugOverlayFactory2
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/source/ImageSourceProviderImpl.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.source.ImageSourceProviderImpl
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/FrescoController2Impl.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.FrescoController2Impl
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.FrescoController2Impl$1
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/source/VitoImageSource.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.source.VitoImageSource
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/NopDrawable.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.NopDrawable
com/facebook/fresco/vito/listener/ForwardingImageListener.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.listener.ForwardingImageListener
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/VitoImagePerfListener.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.VitoImagePerfListener
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/debug/DebugOverlayFactory2.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.debug.DebugOverlayFactory2
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/FrescoVitoConfig.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.FrescoVitoConfig
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/FrescoController.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.FrescoController
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/VitoImageRequestListener.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.VitoImageRequestListener
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/CombinedImageListenerImpl.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.CombinedImageListenerImpl
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/ImageStateListener.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.ImageStateListener
com/facebook/fresco/vito/drawable/CircularBorderBitmapDrawable.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.drawable.CircularBorderBitmapDrawable
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/source/EmptyImageSource.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.source.EmptyImageSource
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.source.EmptyImageSource$1
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/FrescoDrawable.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.FrescoDrawable
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/FrescoVitoPrefetcherImpl.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.FrescoVitoPrefetcherImpl
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.FrescoVitoPrefetcherImpl$1
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/FrescoContextImpl.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.FrescoContextImpl
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/source/SingleImageSource.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.source.SingleImageSource
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.source.SingleImageSource$1
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/PrefetchReason.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.PrefetchReason
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/FrescoContext.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.FrescoContext
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/FrescoDrawable2Impl.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.FrescoDrawable2Impl
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.FrescoDrawable2Impl$1
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.FrescoDrawable2Impl$2
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/debug/DebugOverlayImageOriginColor.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.debug.DebugOverlayImageOriginColor
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/debug/DefaultDebugOverlayFactory2.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.debug.DefaultDebugOverlayFactory2
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/debug/NoOpDebugOverlayFactory.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.debug.NoOpDebugOverlayFactory
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/ImagePipelineUtilsImpl.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.ImagePipelineUtilsImpl
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/VitoImagePipeline.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.VitoImagePipeline
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/BaseFrescoDrawable.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.BaseFrescoDrawable
com/facebook/fresco/vito/core/impl/HierarcherImpl.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.core.impl.HierarcherImpl
com/facebook/fresco/vito/drawable/RoundingUtils.java
 com.facebook.fresco.vito.drawable.RoundingUtils
